README.md, before:

# Bragg&Sons
<hr>
<p> Bragg&Sons are a family of local painters that have been in the business for a very long time.</p><p>
They have a very established long standing customer base but would like to grow new business on a yearly basis.</p>
<p>They have tried social media without much sucess, so we have suggested Bragg&Sons have their own website on which they can tie it all together.
<hr>
#The UX
<p>
Please find the 5 strategy planes discussing the scope and needs of the project.







### Strategy
#### Focus
- They want more of an online presence
- They would like to sell more services
- Automate certain tasks
- Get a clearer indication of the work needed
#### What are we creating
- We are creating a custom site rather than relying on facebook
#### Is it Valuable
- Make it easier to sell more of what we do
- Make giving esitamates easier on both business and the end user
- Give the user an easier oportunity to purchase a services
- Showcase some of our work in a gallery page.
<br><br><hr>
### Scope
#### Features
- Provide a quick online quote
- To sumbit a form outlining work required
#### Content
- Provide business details, phone number, address, email.
- Photos of completed work and projects
- User testimonials
<br><br><hr>
### Structure
#### Information architecture
- Were choosing the tree Structure, not the best for mobile but its a small site
- Group content for our sites audience
- Create the correct structure for our objectives and user needs
- Prioritse the upfront information
<br><br><hr>
### Skeleton
<ul>
<li>Create Wireframes for</li>
<ul>
<li>Mobile</li>
<li>Tablet</li>
<li>Desktop</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<br><br><hr>
<h3> Surface</h3>

- Decide on the colour scheme
- Decide on the Topography
- Add any effects at this stage
- Put in the imagery for the site
- Reinforces the meaning of the content
- Guides the user throught the content in an intuitive way
- Minimise cognitive overload while maximising intuitive learning
- Concerned with appropriate content at all times

<hr>

### Wireframes
<p> Please find links to the wireframes below, all wer created using Balsamic 4.2.1 on windows.</p>

<ul>
<a href="C:\Users\User\Desktop\CodeInst\MileStoneProject1\MileStone For real project\Bragg & Sons Idea\Wireframe Pdfs\Phone Wireframes\MobilePhonePages.pdf"><li>Mobile</li></a>
<a href="C:\Users\User\Desktop\CodeInst\MileStoneProject1\MileStone For real project\Bragg & Sons Idea\Wireframe Pdfs\Tablet\TabletPages.pdf"><li>Tablet</li></a>
<a href="C:\Users\User\Desktop\CodeInst\MileStoneProject1\MileStone For real project\Bragg & Sons Idea\DesktopPc\*.pdf"><li>Desktop</li></a>
</ul>
<hr>

##Features

###Existing Features
<ul>
<li>The company wanted an easy central way to allow people to get in touch, this is atchieved using the contact form.</li>
<li>Bragg&Sons wanted to showcase some their work, this is implemented in the gallery section.</li>
<li>One of the main asks was to provide customers with the abilty to get a quick and accurate quote online by filling out a form. </li>
</ul>

###Features Left to Implement

<p>If the Bragg&Sons website proves valuable for the business they would like to add an ecommerce module so they can take payments online.</p>

<hr>
##Technologies Used
In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.
<ul>
<li>JQuery
<p>The project uses JQuery to simplify DOM manipulation.
Testing</p>
<li>In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your user stories from the UX section and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.</li>

<li>Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.</li>

<li>For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:</li>

<li>Contact form:
Go to the "Contact Us" page
Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.
In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

(You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.)
One of the initial challenges which im sure is quiet normal when writing code was the accidental deletion or addition of a parenthesis,
when editing code. The knockon effect being the whole layout of the site suddenly not looking right. Intially I tried to find these manually until I realised that I could just use the online css/html code validators and use the direct input method to quickly scan the code which saved a lot of time.
</li>
If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

<li>Deployment
This section should describe the process you went through to deploy the project to a hosting platform (e.g. GitHub Pages or Heroku).

In particular, you should provide all details of the differences between the deployed version and the development version, if any, including:

Different values for environment variables (Heroku Config Vars)?
Different configuration files?
Separate git branch?
In addition, if it is not obvious, you should also describe how to run your code locally.</li>
<hr>
##Credits
###Content
The text for all sections was created by myself derived from a conversation with a local painter.
###Media
The photos used in this site were obtained from
The braggandsons logo was borrowed from www.brandcrowd.com.
The logo was picked out I addded the text and style I then saved a screenshot.
I understand that this is not the correct way to acquire or borrow images but to purchase the icon was quiet expensive and since I will only be using this for educational purposes i did not see an issue with it.
The testimonails on the about page were created by myself just the images we borrowed by doing a google search of "picture of a happy person", "picture of a smiling person", picture of a smiling older person, "picture of a smiling couple in new house", "picture of a smiling older couple"

The colour palette pdf created using content borrowed from https://www.Lakelandfurniture.co.uk

The pictures on the services page were from the following sources https://istockphoto.com and https://www.indiamart.com/

The pictures on the before and after pages were from the following sources, Pic1&4 www.perfecthome.ie,Pic2 https://powellpaintingandhomeservices.com/, Pic3 https://www.yainnovationpainting.com/

###Acknowledgements
I received inspiration for this project from a conversation with a local painter.
The name Bragg&Sons and any contact information is ficticious and does not represent the actual painters details to protect his identity.

Commit message:

Some tidying up on homepage, updated readme, exported wireframes to pdf also.

README.md, after:

# Bragg&Sons
<hr>
<p> Bragg&Sons are a family of local painters that have been in the business for a very long time.</p><p>
They have a very established long standing customer base but would like to grow new business on a yearly basis.</p>
<p>They have tried social media without much sucess, so we have suggested Bragg&Sons have their own website on which they can tie it all together.
<hr>
#The UX
<p>
Please find the 5 strategy planes discussing the scope and needs of the project.







### Strategy
#### Focus
- They want more of an online presence
- They would like to sell more services
- Automate certain tasks
- Get a clearer indication of the work needed
#### What are we creating
- We are creating a custom site rather than relying on facebook
#### Is it Valuable
- Make it easier to sell more of what we do
- Make giving esitamates easier on both business and the end user
- Give the user an easier oportunity to purchase a services
- Showcase some of our work in a gallery page.
<br><br><hr>
### Scope
#### Features
- Provide a quick online quote
- To sumbit a form outlining work required
#### Content
- Provide business details, phone number, address, email.
- Photos of completed work and projects
- User testimonials
<br><br><hr>
### Structure
#### Information architecture
- Were choosing the tree Structure, not the best for mobile but its a small site
- Group content for our sites audience
- Create the correct structure for our objectives and user needs
- Prioritse the upfront information
<br><br><hr>
### Skeleton
<ul>
<li>Create Wireframes for</li>
<ul>
<li>Mobile</li>
<li>Tablet</li>
<li>Desktop</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<br><br><hr>
<h3> Surface</h3>

- Decide on the colour scheme
- Decide on the Topography
- Add any effects at this stage
- Put in the imagery for the site
- Reinforces the meaning of the content
- Guides the user throught the content in an intuitive way
- Minimise cognitive overload while maximising intuitive learning
- Concerned with appropriate content at all times

<hr>

### Wireframes
<p> Please find links to the wireframes below, all wer created using Balsamic 4.2.1 on windows.</p>

<ul>
<a href="C:\Users\User\Desktop\CodeInst\MileStoneProject1\MileStone For real project\Bragg & Sons Idea\Wireframe Pdfs\Phone Wireframes\MobilePhonePages.pdf"><li>Mobile</li></a>
<a href="C:\Users\User\Desktop\CodeInst\MileStoneProject1\MileStone For real project\Bragg & Sons Idea\Wireframe Pdfs\Tablet\TabletPages.pdf"><li>Tablet</li></a>
<a href="C:\Users\User\Desktop\CodeInst\MileStoneProject1\MileStone For real project\Bragg & Sons Idea\DesktopPc\*.pdf"><li>Desktop</li></a>
</ul>
<hr>

##Features

###Existing Features
<ul>
<li>The company wanted an easy central way to allow people to get in touch, this is atchieved using the contact form.</li>
<li>Bragg&Sons wanted to showcase some their work, this is implemented in the gallery section.</li>
<li>One of the main asks was to provide customers with the abilty to get a quick and accurate quote online by filling out a form. </li>
</ul>

###Features Left to Implement

<p>If the Bragg&Sons website proves valuable for the business they would like to add an ecommerce module so they can take payments online.</p>

<hr>
##Technologies Used
In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.
<ul>
<li>JQuery
<p>The project uses JQuery to simplify DOM manipulation.
Testing</p>
<li>In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your user stories from the UX section and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.</li>

<li>Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.</li>

For the html5 code I used https://validator.w3.org/ and used the direct input method, scanning the errors and trying to understand how the flow of the page was interrupted by usually a stray or missing closing tag.
Ususally correcting one of these fixed more than 1 error found by the validator, I then updated my project with each fix found.

For the CSS3 code I used https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/ and again used the direct input method rather than uploading the file. Here I found some parse errors from not giving the parameters a value under 2 of the media queries.

<li>For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:</li>

<li>Contact form:
Go to the "Contact Us" page
Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.
In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

(You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.)
One of the initial challenges which im sure is quiet normal when writing code was the accidental deletion or addition of a parenthesis,
when editing code. The knockon effect being the whole layout of the site suddenly not looking right. Intially I tried to find these manually until I realised that I could just use the online css/html code validators and use the direct input method to quickly scan the code which saved a lot of time.
</li>
If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

<li>Deployment
This section should describe the process you went through to deploy the project to a hosting platform (e.g. GitHub Pages or Heroku).

In particular, you should provide all details of the differences between the deployed version and the development version, if any, including:

Different values for environment variables (Heroku Config Vars)?
Different configuration files?
Separate git branch?
In addition, if it is not obvious, you should also describe how to run your code locally.</li>
<hr>
##Credits
###Content
The text for all sections was created by myself derived from a conversation with a local painter.
###Media
The photos used in this site were obtained from
The braggandsons logo was borrowed from www.brandcrowd.com.
The logo was picked out I addded the text and style I then saved a screenshot.

The testimonails on the about page were created by myself just the images we borrowed by doing a google search of "picture of a happy person", "picture of a smiling person", picture of a smiling older person, "picture of a smiling couple in new house", "picture of a smiling older couple"

The colour palette pdf created using content borrowed from https://www.Lakelandfurniture.co.uk

The pictures on the services page were from the following sources https://istockphoto.com and https://www.indiamart.com/

The pictures on the before and after pages were from the following sources, Pic1&4 www.perfecthome.ie,Pic2 https://powellpaintingandhomeservices.com/, Pic3 https://www.yainnovationpainting.com/

###Acknowledgements
I received inspiration for this project from a conversation with a local painter.
Fenton - Stsck overflow for the soloution on how to wrap the button in a form.
The name Bragg&Sons and any contact information is ficticious and does not represent the actual painters details to protect his identity.
